1168 review docs examples (#1741)
defenseunicorns/zarf: examples/big-bang/README.md

:::

<ExampleYAML example="big-bang" showLink={false} />

> ## YOLO Mode
> 
> You can learn about YOLO mode [here](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/faq#what-is-yolo-mode-and-why-would-i-use-it).
> 
> The `provision-flux-credentials` component is required to create the necessary secret to pull flux images from [registry1.dso.mil](https://registry1.dso.mil). In the provided `zarf.yaml` for this example, we demonstrate providing account credentials via Zarf Variables, although there are other ways to populate the data in `private-registry.yaml`.
> 
> ### Big Bang YOLO `zarf.yaml`
> 
> :::info
> 
> To view the example in its entirety, select the `Edit this page` link below the article and select the parent folder, then select the `yolo` folder.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution

`valuesFiles` are processed in the order provided with Zarf adding an initial values file to populate registry and git server credentials as the first file.  Including credential `values` (even empty ones) will override these values.  This can be used to our advantage however for things like YOLO mode as described below.

:::

## Big Bang YOLO Mode Support

The Big Bang extension also supports YOLO mode, provided that you add your own credentials for the image registry. This is accomplished below with the `provision-flux-credentials` component and the `credentials.yaml` values file which allows images to be pulled from [registry1.dso.mil](https://registry1.dso.mil). We demonstrate providing account credentials via Zarf Variables, but there are other ways to populate the data in `private-registry.yaml`.

You can learn about YOLO mode in the [FAQ](../docs/8-faq.md#what-is-yolo-mode-and-why-would-i-use-it) or the [YOLO mode example](../yolo/README.md).

:::info

To view the example in its entirety, select the `Edit this page` link below the article and select the parent folder, then select the `yolo` folder.

:::
```

This can be simplified, with paths made relative and should not use `[here]()` links: https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/contribute-to-zarf/style-guide#linking-text
